Generator: Allow passing a volto branch as volto version (#4073)
plone/volto: packages/generator-volto/README.md

yo @plone/volto --volto=12.0.0-alpha.0
```

> You can also pass a custom Volto branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass a Volto branch or tag:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: We should use the generic name of a shell, as each flavor can have slightly different syntax highlighting.

````suggestion
```shell
````
